What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	it creates the .git directory which stores metadata about the history of the repository
	only then, i could use Git to track and manage my codes within the directory/respoitory

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	it is an intermediate step in between the working directory and the repository
	it contains file(s) added by git add which are going to be included in the next commit
	it offers a way for users to only commit a certain files and other files in other commit(s) when several logical changes are made all at once

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	by adding the affected files due to that 1 logical change to the staging area before committing, 
	so that not all changes in the working directory, probably be more than 1 logical change, are committed together in 1 single commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	experimenting new features
	it avoids affecting the master branch which should always work

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	get know of which commit was a branch created from and 
	what further commits were made on both the master branch and the new branch from there

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	it merges and combines the changes of 2 branches into a new commit
	the diagram shows the branches diverge at a certain commit, probably have several commits in each branch, 
	and combine at a later commit, which formed a new commit and contains changes from the 2 branches

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	pros: faster development and easier collaboration (do not need to go through all the changes of each branch when merging)
	cons: bugs may be introduced
